---
<%* const {role, companyName} = await tp.user.cover_letter(tp) %>
title: Tucker Bradford - <% role -%> at <% companyName -%> - Cover Letter
created: <% tp.date.now("YYYY-MM-DD HH:mm:ss") %>
contentType: Cover Letter
tags:
- Cover Letter
- <% tp.user.slugify(role) %>
organization: <% companyName %>
edits:
views:
words:
---
Here's what is important to know about me. I sailed around the world with my family (2 kids), westward from San Francisco to Maine. What this might tell you about me is that I am courageous, adaptable, creative, self-motivated, and wildly capable. I am also good at making very chaotic systems behave in a way that creates a lot of good. For our purposes, this means that I will be dauntless, transparent, and highly effective, regardless of the challenges we face.

You should also know that I believe in servant leadership. I have been most effective when my teams see me as a resource who serves them and the organization by removing obstacles, improving stuck or inefficient processes, cheerleading their successes and ensuring that no team member holds another back. I LOVE working this way, and my leadership teams have loved the results.

I am an articulate communicator, and my world travel and natural curiosity have given me exposure to every sort of person. This has developed in me a deep empathy which helps me to add necessary context to conversations of all types.

I am a voracious learner, proficient in Ruby, Javascript (Node & React) and Rust, conversant in Python, and C, and can get by in Kotlin in a pinch. Recently I have been building a React/Native app for a bit of fun (backed by a Rust API that I built), and in my last two roles used those extensively as well.

Throughout my career, I have lead Engineering, Design, Product, Devops, Security, Data Science, Operations, and IT teams. By leveraging my natural curiosity and empathy, I  have built incredible professional relationships with my peers in the C Suite, Finance, Customer Success, Sales, & Marketing.
<%* tp.file.cursor({order:1}) %>

I am a natural change agent. I have inspired and led teams and individuals through dramatic growth in both  professional and personal contexts for as long as I can remember. I have an intuition for identifying opportunities when there is no specific roadmap, and for managing complex systematic changes to reduce disruption and mitigate risk, when there is one.

<%* tp.file.cursor({order:2}) %>
I truly believe that I am the best candidate that you are going to find to lead your team.  I have owned the relationship with, and provided outsized value to, brands including Alphabet, Meta, Amazon, and X and I can not wait  to talk about how I will bring that outsized impact to bear on <% companyName -%>'s mission next! In the meantime, please feel free to learn more about me at https://tuckerbradford.com

Warmest Regards,
-=Tucker